README.md, before:

Kafka in Docker
===

This repository provides everything you need to run Kafka (with a Zookeeper) in Docker environment. Image is based on the latest OpenJDK 8.

Why?
---
The main hurdle of running Kafka in Docker is that it depends on Zookeeper. 

Compared to other Kafka docker images, this one runs both Zookeeper and Kafka in the same container. This means:

* No dependency on an external Zookeeper host, or linking to another container
* Zookeeper and Kafka are configured to work together out of the box

Run
---

```bash
docker run -d -p 2181:2181 -p 9092:9092 --env ADVERTISED_HOST=$(docker-machine ip $(docker-machine active)) --env ADVERTISED_PORT=9092 --name kafka wlsc/kafka
```

Kafka Producer
---

```bash
export KAFKA=$(docker-machine ip $(docker-machine active)):9092
kafka-console-producer.sh --broker-list $KAFKA --topic test
```

Kafka Consumer
---

```bash
export ZOOKEEPER=$(docker-machine ip $(docker-machine active)):2181
kafka-console-consumer.sh --zookeeper $ZOOKEEPER --topic test
```

In the box
---
* **wlsc/kafka**

  The docker image with both Kafka and Zookeeper. Built from the `kafka`
  directory.

Public Builds
---

https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/wlsc/kafka/

Build from Source
---

    docker build -t wlsc/kafka kafka/

Commit message:

Migration to Eclipse Temurin (Ubuntu Focal based) Docker base image due to deprecation of OpenJDK images
(cherry picked from commit 7e40eb5a30e2a381debab70094699402cdea85fa)

README.md, after:

Kafka in Docker
===

This repository provides everything you need to run Kafka (with a Zookeeper) in Docker environment. 
Image is based on the latest stable Eclipse Temurin (OpenJDK image was deprecated by RedHat).

Why?
---
The main hurdle of running Kafka in Docker is that it depends on Zookeeper. 

Compared to other Kafka docker images, this one runs both Zookeeper and Kafka in the same container. This means:

* No dependency on an external Zookeeper host, or linking to another container
* Zookeeper and Kafka are configured to work together out of the box

Run
---

```bash
docker run -d -p 2181:2181 -p 9092:9092 --env ADVERTISED_HOST=$(docker-machine ip $(docker-machine active)) --env ADVERTISED_PORT=9092 --name kafka wlsc/kafka
```

Kafka Producer
---

```bash
export KAFKA=$(docker-machine ip $(docker-machine active)):9092
kafka-console-producer.sh --broker-list $KAFKA --topic test
```

Kafka Consumer
---

```bash
export ZOOKEEPER=$(docker-machine ip $(docker-machine active)):2181
kafka-console-consumer.sh --zookeeper $ZOOKEEPER --topic test
```

In the box
---
* **wlsc/kafka**

  The docker image with both Kafka and Zookeeper. Built from the `kafka`
  directory.

Public Builds
---

https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/wlsc/kafka/

Build from Source
---

    docker build -t wlsc/kafka kafka/
